//
// Copyright Siemens AG, 2023. Part of the SW360 Portal Project.
//
// This program and the accompanying materials are made
// available under the terms of the Eclipse Public License 2.0
// which is available at https://www.eclipse.org/legal/epl-2.0/
//
// SPDX-License-Identifier: EPL-2.0
//

[[resources-schedule]]
=== Schedule

The Schedule resource is used to get and list the Schedule requests.

[[unschedule-services]]
==== Cancel all schedule services.

A `DELETE` request will cancel all the services.

===== Example request
include::{snippets}/should_document_cancel_all_schedule/curl-request.adoc[]

===== Example response
include::{snippets}/should_document_cancel_all_schedule/http-response.adoc[]

[[schedule-svmsync]]
==== Schedule svm sync for user.

A `POST` request will schedule svm sync for user.

===== Example request
include::{snippets}/should_document_schedule_svm_sync/curl-request.adoc[]

===== Example response
include::{snippets}/should_document_schedule_svm_sync/http-response.adoc[]

[[unschedule-svmSync]]
==== Cancel schedule svm sync for user.

A `DELETE` request will cancel schedule svm sync for user.

===== Example request
include::{snippets}/should_document_cancel_schedule_svm_sync/curl-request.adoc[]

===== Example response
include::{snippets}/should_document_cancel_schedule_svm_sync/http-response.adoc[]

[[reverse-svmmatch]]
==== Svm reverse match for user.

A `POST` request will reverse svm match.

===== Example request
include::{snippets}/should_document_reverse_svm_match/curl-request.adoc[]

===== Example response
include::{snippets}/should_document_reverse_svm_match/http-response.adoc[]

[[unschedule-reversematch]]
==== Cancel reverse match for user.

A `DELETE` request will cancel the reverse match.

===== Example request
include::{snippets}/should_document_cancel_reverse_match/curl-request.adoc[]

===== Example response
include::{snippets}/should_document_cancel_reverse_match/http-response.adoc[]

[[tracking-feedback]]
==== Tracking feedback for user.

A `POST` request will track the user feedback.

===== Example request
include::{snippets}/should_document_track_feedback/curl-request.adoc[]

===== Example response
include::{snippets}/should_document_track_feedback/http-response.adoc[]

[[monitoring-listUpdate]]
==== Monitoring a svm list Update.

A `POST` request will update svm list.

===== Example request
include::{snippets}/should_document_svm_list_update/curl-request.adoc[]

===== Example response
include::{snippets}/should_document_svm_list_update/http-response.adoc[]

[[cancel-monitoringlist]]
==== Cancel monitoring svm list and update.

A `DELETE` request will cancel the monitoring svm list and update.

===== Example request
include::{snippets}/should_document_cancel_monitoring_svm_list/curl-request.adoc[]

===== Example response
include::{snippets}/should_document_cancel_monitoring_svm_list/http-response.adoc[]

[[src-upload]]
==== Source attachment upload service.

A `POST` request will upload the source attachment.

===== Example request
include::{snippets}/should_document_src_upload/curl-request.adoc[]

===== Example response
include::{snippets}/should_document_src_upload/http-response.adoc[]

[[cancel-srcupload]]
==== Cancel source attachment upload service.

A `DELETE` request will cancel the src upload.

===== Example request
include::{snippets}/should_document_cancel_monitoring_cancel_svm_list/curl-request.adoc[]

===== Example response
include::{snippets}/should_document_cancel_monitoring_cancel_svm_list/http-response.adoc[]